(LOOΠΔ in casual clothes!)
JinSoul: It's our first music video shooting...!
JinSoul: Oh, is it right?
HeeJin: Today!
JinSoul: Today! We will shoot a music video as a full group!
(LOOΠΔ full group music video shooting!)
JinSoul: This is~
HeeJin: This is Incheon!
JinSoul: Right~ have you been here before?
HeeJin: Yeah, I used to live here...
(JinSoul has forgotten it!)
HeeJin: We will shoot a group dance scene~
HeeJin: And we''ll run a lot!
JinSoul: Okay then, fighting!
HeeJin: Fighting!
(First MV shooting for 'Hi High' is a scene that HyunJin and Choerry meet each other!)
(Two girls are trying to match their hands to make a perfect scene!)
HyunJin: Hey, it hurts so much! Be careful!
HyunJin: Be gentle, I said!
Choerry: She's higher than me!
HyunJin: No. Just we're not compatiable!
(Try again!)
Choerry: Oh~ we did well this time!
HyunJin: Always we're doing good when the came is off!
(Correct!)
Choerry: And that's the problem!
Choerry: We're in a big trouble!